hey where'd you go just out
gotta go back
and the bastard
oh that's me
quickest Hedgehog you around
yes
thorndike residence very good sir your
father has requested that I inform you
that he and your mother will be stopping
by for a visit this afternoon Wow L ever
coming to see me what am I surprised
it's not even my birthday Oh is there
something wrong no I'm all done can I go
now yes go ahead see you later
Oh something is up
I've gotta go to school so I'm counting
on you guys to stay out of sight when my
parents show up gotcha no problem yeah
sure you can count on us it won't be for
long mom and dad's visits have to be
short because they both have busy
schedules hey Sonic is he mad at me
don't mind him get going Chris you'll be
late for school if you don't hurry up
Chris sure is happy about his folks
visit hotshot mm-hmm he is what did he
do Chris's dad is president of a huge
software company he spends most of his
time at the office or traveling on
business and what about his mom she's a
star a famous actress who Jets all
around the world making movies I bet
it's pretty tough for Chris not having
his parents around most of the time yes
he must miss
I've got to think of something yeah I
got to think of a way to conquer this
planet perhaps the children maybe one of
my robots could brainwash the school
kitty so that they'd love me an honor me
and look up to me as a hero and they
could persuade their parents to accept
me as their ruler here are your choices
let's see
this is a tough one
under the machine decide
you
ok
Oh
that doesn't even make sense I'm totally
lost should we wake him up no don't then
you put estes my mind what an
intelligent-looking class Oh perhaps
I've arrived during nap time I'm sorry
what are you fool I'll give you three
guesses young man you're a robot a robot
teacher goodbye I'm taking over you are
I am how's that they're replacing me
with a robot ha wait like you bet
principal a piece of my mind
delicious I'm glad to know you never
hired that robot my students will be
relieved too that's how to crack an
equation mathematics is a breeze when we
keep your eye on the pie now it's
starting to make sense you see but robot
is a great teacher said in on his class
and studies technique
but Sir Thank You class it's an honor to
teach you there's something fishing here
I better check this out with
headquarters